# derma.AI

Welcome to derma.AI, a revolutionary application designed to assist users in identifying skin diseases using artificial intelligence technology. 

## Overview

derma.AI is built with the aim of providing users with a convenient platform to identify skin diseases by simply taking a picture and answering a few questions. The application utilizes Firebase for user authentication and storage of login information, while the core functionality of disease identification is powered by Gemini, our advanced AI model specifically trained for dermatological diagnosis.

## Features

- **User Authentication**: Secure login and signup functionality using Firebase.
- **Image Processing**: Take a picture of the affected skin area for disease identification.
- **AI Diagnosis**: Utilize Gemini AI model to accurately identify skin diseases.
- **Interactive Questionnaire**: Collect additional information from users such as age, sex, duration, medical history, and symptoms to refine diagnosis.
- **Personalized Response**: Generate a tailored response based on the collected information and AI analysis.

## Installation

To run derma.AI locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:

```
git clone https://github.com/RajBhattacharyya/DermaAI.git
```

2. Open the application in Android Studios

3. Run it in an emulator or a device 

## Usage

1. Sign up or log in to derma.AI using your credentials.
2. Navigate to the main page.
3. Click on the camera icon to take a picture of the affected skin area.
4. Answer the questions prompted by the application regarding age, sex, duration, medical history, and symptoms.
5. Submit the information.
6. Receive a personalized response generated by the AI model based on the analysis of the provided information and the image.

